Document MWT and Widgets debug utilities. (#308)
MicroEJ/docs: ApplicationDeveloperGuide/UI/MWT/how-to-debug.rst

How to Debug
============

> Highlighting the widgets

Reviewer: the bounds of the widgets

------------------------

> When designing an UI, it may be pretty convenient to see where is each widget.

Reviewer: `where is` => `the bounds of` or `the position and size of`

> When designing an UI, it can be pretty convenient to highlight the bounds of each widget.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When designing a UI, it can be pretty convenient to highlight the bounds of each widget.
```

> It helps:
> 
> - verifying if the layout fits the expected design,
> - setting the outlines (margin, padding, border),
> - checking the alignment of the widget content inside its bounds.

Reviewer 2: See https://developers.google.com/style/lists for good practices when defining a list.

I suggest (not 100% happy with it):
```suggestion
 It helps doing any of the following actions:

- Verify if the layout fits the expected design.
- Set the outlines (margin, padding, border).
- Check the alignment of the widget content inside its bounds.
```

Setting the ``ej.mwt.debug.bounds.enabled`` constant to ``true`` will add a rectangle overlay over each widget and container.

> (See :ref:`section.classpath.elements.constants` section for more information about constants.)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For more information about constants, see :ref:`section.classpath.elements.constants` section.
```

By default, the rectangles around the widgets are magenta.
But their color can be adjusted by modifying the ``ej.mwt.debug.bounds.color`` constant.

> Example of ``xxx.constants.list`` file and the result in an application:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Here is an example of a ``xxx.constants.list`` file with the result in an application:
```

.. code-block::

	ej.mwt.debug.bounds.enabled=true

> 	ej.mwt.debug.bounds.color=0xff00

Reviewer: i suggest 0x00ff00 to show that its a RGB color value
